Update scim.md (#7475)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim.md

If you are adding SCIM to an existing Okta integration in <Constant name="cloud" /> (as opposed to setting up SCIM and SSO concurrently for the first time), there is some functionality you should be aware of:

- Users and groups already synced to <Constant name="cloud" /> will become SCIM-managed once you complete the SCIM configuration.

> - (Recommended) Import and manage existing <Constant name="cloud" /> groups and users using Okta's **Import Groups** and **Import Users** features. Update the groups in your IdP with the same naming convention used for <Constant name="cloud" /> groups. New users, groups, and existing profile changes will be automatically imported into <Constant name="cloud" />.

Reviewer: I like alliteration but...
```suggestion
- (Recommended) Import and manage existing <Constant name="cloud" /> groups and users with Okta's **Import Groups** and **Import Users** features. Update the groups in your IdP with the same naming convention used for <Constant name="cloud" /> groups. New users, groups, and changes to existing profiles will be automatically imported into <Constant name="cloud" />.
```

    - Ensure the **Import users and profile updates** and **Import groups** checkboxes are selected in the **Provisioning settings** tab in the Okta SCIM configuration.

>     - Use **Import Users** to sync all users from dbt, including previously deleted users, if you need to re-provision those users. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Use **Import Users** to sync all users from <Constant name="cloud" />, including previously deleted users, if you need to re-provision those users. 
```
